# NDTT
Non Destructive Tablet Testing Research Project

The main program is executed by master.m.  This file initializes all the data structures and tools needed to interact, compute, and store all the neccessary data.  This includes the camera, Arduino, and measurement devices.  It then creates several independently running processes that take measurements and perform device functions simultaneously.  It waits for all to complete, stores the information, and then iterates indefinitely.  Currently the functions getCoordinates.m and executeArmMovements.m are finished and ready for testing.  getCoordinates uses the webcam to capture an image of the belt full of tablets, then uses simple computer vision techniques to identify the right-most tablet and records the coordinates in terms of pixels.  It then passes these coordinates to executeArmMovements, which calculates the angles using Inverse Kinematics for the stepper motors to turn to get the vacuum device in the correct position to collect the tablet.  The rest of the functions only represent prototype functions for collecting data from the sensors in the RTR toolbox.  The master program demonstrates how these functions will be called when they are ready to be implemented.  We have begun testing for the arm and the vacuum device with the Arduino and have found success with both.  These tests give us confidence that the chosen implementation is a sound option, and that further refining will surely produce a product that is satisfactory.
